Honestly, it's almost comical at this point looking at this past week. The amazingness started off with school. I had been working on this massive art project, however I was far behind because no matter what I would do, my teacher would come back saying that personally didn't like it. Not that it wasn't good, she just didn't like it. This put me back roughly 3 days behind everyone else in the class. Come Monday projects are getting turned in, and I don't have mine done because of how far behind I was because of her. She said too bad and told me to better manage my time. Even the other students in the class told her she wasn't being fair and it wasn't my fault. I just say okay, and work to get it in as soon as I can. Tuesday comes. I go into work after class, and go to look at my schedule for the next week. I'm scheduled for 12 hours. I go to ask one of my managers what's up because I literally can't even pay for my gas to drive to work on those hours. Apparently someone decided to start a rumor about me at work that I was tired of working there and that I was bad-mouthing the managers. Instead of coming to talk to me, they listened to the rumors and cut my hours. Wednesday comes around. I'm on my to school when my car starts acting funny. I'm on my way to class, and am almost at the school, so I just try and get the school where I can look at my car. I'm in the parking lot getting ready to pull into a spot when my car dies. Steam starts coming out from under the hood, I knew it had overheated. My temp gauge didn't show it was overheating so it told me that my thermometer was broken. I call my dad and tell him I'm stuck at the school, he says when he gets a chance he'll bring a thermometer up to me and we'd replace it at the school. I wait 20 minutes, start the car up again,  pull into the closest spot, and go to class. I come out from class and look under the hood. Radiator is empty and the resevoir tank is massively overfilled, leading to the thermometer again. I put water in my radiator, and try to start my car; nothing. I try again, hear a loud bang, get a big puff of smoke, and my car dies. I just cracked the engine block, meaning my car is dead. As a side note, my school and work is 40 minutes away one from where I live. I cannot live without having a car. So now I'm having to borrow my dad's car. Next comes Thursday. My parents are going through a very bad divorce, and my dad was having to travel to a different state for the trial. I get a call from him late in the afternoon, in which he's very upset with me. The day before I told my mom about my car, and told her I was using my dad's car, and then she asked how my dad was going to the trial. This was where I made my mistake: I told her that he was using his company credit card. Apparently she used this information in court against him, and it wasn't something even his lawyer knew about. Now my dad is upset with me because he thinks he can't say anything to me because I'll just go to my mom. I'm not talking to my mom right now because she took something I told her because I thought she would be concerned about me and instead just used it to her own advantage. Thankfully Friday and Saturday were pretty uneventful because I don't believe I could handle any more disappointment this week. Sorry for the rant, but it was kinda therapeutic to get it off my chest. It's nice to know that there are a couple people out there who will read this just so I'm not the only person who has to carry this shit. Even if I don't get any pizza, it's nice knowing that fact.

TL;DR: Cunt teacher, rumors at work leading to cut hours, cracked engine block, can't talk to either of my parents right now. Just another average week. 