So yeah... employer just told me to be packed up and out of here in two weeks this past Friday.  I'm backed up on my finances because of kidney stones that were so painful that I couldn't work a full 40 for a few weeks.  My job has no benefits and I couldn't afford to go to the doctor, so I manned up and gritted my teeth through it without awesome drugs...  
  
Now my power, internet(which I'm downgrading soon) and TV service(i'm cutting the cord as soon as this stupid contract is gone), cell phone bills(on contract so nothing I can do here) are all late.  I've been late on my car payment twice in the past 5 months.  I can't afford to pay any of them right now because my rent is coming due, and if I don't pay that on time they charge a $50 late fee plus $10 for every additional day late.  I also need gas, and my car insurance is going to be due in full soon.  And I have a huge student loan in my mother's name with myself co-signed that I haven't been able to make the payment on for a few months... so I'm just hurting her.
  
I live alone and haven't really made many friends since I moved to this state.  I've been begging for part time jobs for over a year and no one is hiring me.  Now I'm close to being unemployed and my employer(staffing firm) hasn't found me a replacement yet.  
  
I'm subsisting on Ramen, buttered pasta, the cheapest hot dogs I can find, and any other sale items I can find for less than $1 per dinner, around .50-.75 for lunch, and I don't even eat breakfast.  
  
Before the troubles started I loved that new Dominos pan pizza.  I'm a cynical, pissed off, "hates everything" manic depressive who doesn't like to smile.  But that stuff always puts a smile on my face.  
  
  
I'm going to join this sub, and as soon as I can I will return the gesture if someone can help me feel good again for a little bit before I start looking for stuff in my apartment to sell to pay these stupid bills.  
  
If you live in the area I would be happy to try to help you with any technology issues that you may be having in return.