Hello, people. 

I was just told about this subreddit by a friend after venting to him about this evenings biggest annoyance. I've taken part in pizza sharing things before, I just honestly never knew there was a subreddit for it. My favourite time anything like that happened was this one time me and a friend spent _forever_ calling anywhere we could find in this small Czech town, trying to order pizza for a mutual friend we knew online, but that's a long and HILARIOUS tale involving calling the _Mayor_ even, and I'll gladly share it if folk want to hear it.

Anyway, my issue, sob story, whatever you wanna call it.

Basically I live with a flatmate in a really crappy part of the northwest UK, and this guy I share my space with is a presumptuous ass. It's not uncommon to find he's 'borrowed' something of mine, not cleaned after himself if he used the kitchen/bathroom/toilet/anything, and a favourite trick of his seems to be eating my food when he thinks I'm not in or asleep. 
That happened tonight. I come in from a day out with family and open the fridge, I'd been planning on making a veritable bathtub full of chilli to eat and freeze in for the next few days until my payday, however tonight I get to learn that he's had company over and guess what he made for these upstanding citizens! He basically used _everything_ I had left, _everything_, to feed his drugdealer friends as they came over to smoke weed, be loud, and play/watch whatever happens to be ridiculously loud in the next room over. One pointless shouting match later I'm sat here tired, wet, and hungry enough that I'd happily eat my bed. Spoke with the family I _just_ came from about this and I'm invited back over for dinner on Friday, the day prior to my payday. Still leaves me foodless tonight and tomorrow, though, and a friend pointed me here. I already said that. Um.

I've no idea of etiquette here, I've no idea if I said too little or not enough, but hey there's my request. I will say though that I'm probably gonna stick around here, and will definitely pass on the favour to somebody elses request once I'm paid. Share the love and such.