Hello RoaP! I just want to go into a small amount of detail in this post and tell you guys how much we're in love. I will keep this post as appropriate as possible for the amount of detail I'll be going in to.


I was with my girlfriend on her 18th birthday and she really wanted to go down to the arcade. We're a new couple, so of course I'm trying to look cool in front of her so I say something along the lines of "Alright, if you really want to," when really I wanted to shout at the top of my excitement "ARE YOU SURE IT'S YOU'RE BIRTHDAY AND NOT MINE BECAUSE I LOVE THE ARCADE, WOOOOO--"


So we're at the arcade playing these goofy silly games, like the game where you put a quarter in and you watch your quarter go down into a pile of quarters and there is a metal bar that just might push more quarters down into the prize pit and ANYWAY, we're having fun.


So she eventually has to go to the little girl's room and she forgets to bring her phone. I took her phone and started counting up our tickets when all of a sudden her phone gets a text and a picture of her best friend's face pops up on the screen. I don't like to go through other peoples texts, but I see the word "Tony" before I put the phone back in my pocket, which is my first name.
So I read just the 1 text. It states:
"Tony better remember what you asked for last week."
My stomach got this twisted feeling of "oh crap how could I forget." 


!!!!! 


JUST THEN --- A pizza delivery guy from the pizza place right next door is walking out to his car about to leave, so I rush him and scream "hey wait!". I ask him what kind of pizza, how much was it, and paid him in full plus a 10$ tip. I asked him to hold the pizza for a minute, and ran across the street to the joke shop and bought a gag sausage (don't ask me why there was one there, I wasn't paying attention at the time.)


I took the gag sausage back to the pizza, took out my pocket knife, and cut up a slice small enough to look similar to a pepperoni. Next, I took a pen and paper and wrote a note and pinned it down with a candle on top and just then, she's walks out of the bathroom and I start singing happy birthday. People around the room joined in and we all clapped for her as she blew out the candle.


She has this ear to ear smile that is to die for. She gave me a fairly large 'thank you' kiss and said "I thought you forgot!".


She took the note off of the fake pepperoni and read it. "I will love you until the last pepperoni fades." she starting crying like she just won the lottery.

---- Now, fast forwarding 5 years later, we are still happily together and enjoying our youth, but her birthday is today and I plan to have dinner with her this evening.


I would love to see someone else kind enough to pass down a pizza to a young couple in love.