So, well. My girlfriend and I are 20, and 22 years old respectively. We decided to follow our dreams of creating a digital marketing/design firm about a year and a half ago. The road has been long and hard, we slept on my father's couch in a trailer for 6 months, a dank basement (on the floor) with people who didn't really want us there for the last 9, sometimes living off ramen as we all have to sometimes.

But here we are, on the advent of our success, and Christopher Columbus messes it up. We have a large check coming in the mail, but we didn't get it today because of the holiday. We are currently staying in a Motel 6 for a week, to scout/establish places to live, as we FINALLY after a year and a half of hard work, destitution, doubt and confidence, and above all courage, enough money to get (and keep) ourselves afloat, and enough clientele to support us through the months. 
We're getting an apartment with the money that's coming in (and of course food), but we had planned on renting a single bed motel room for a week for $259, which would've left us with more than enough for simple groceries. They only had a 2 bed avaliable, for about $290. We only had about $310 in cash at that point, so needless to say that the remainder of the money is gone, and we were reliant on that check coming in today to be able to eat. Christopher Columbus! Note, we have NO where else to stay besides outside, no family, nothing.

We haven't ate a meal in around 30 hours, and while we've gone much, much longer before (box of cheerios and a bag of Ore Ida fries for a week... lol) , we just really don't want to go through the slow agony of starving again, especially when we're so on the cusp of being self reliant.

So I ask if there's any kind soul out there that would bless us with a pizza tonight, with the full intention of us paying you back within the next few days if wanted. We have a LOT of work to do, and not eating for an entire day isn't exactly great on your concentration, especially when dealing with tedious stuff like coding.

Proof avaliable if needed :) thanks!