I won't pretend I would go hungry without this delicious doughy cheesy love, but I do have a story.  I just emptied the little money I had left in my bank account to register for classes at my local community college.  I never finished my degree and left and worked at a big company making good money for a while.  When that came to an end I moved and had no clue what to do.  I have been looking for work for over 2 years now.  I just recently had to move back home, and I am incredibly lucky to have a mother who would even allow such a thing.  She still has two pre-teen children at home, and works incredibly hard.  Hopefully I can be a positive influence to everyone now that I am living with my fam.  I know my little bro is going to love the three drumsets I brought home (he just started learning).  He seems genuinely interested in music, and I know that's one thing I can really help him with.  Even though I didn't work over the past few years, I have had some great experiences that really started to give me direction.  I am lucky enough to be able to live at home now, and go back to school.  My goal is to get back into a University in a years time, study in intnat'l business and economics and live in Europe for a while (I love to be the foreigner and there is so much to see!).  I kinda did everything backwards, but I am actually excited about working towards my goals.  I would love to celebrate this new beginning with some pizza, but the few bucks I have to spend for myself are going towards bills and I want to take my little bro to go see the Hobbit tomorrow when he gets off of school.  Like I said, I wouldn't go hungry, but pizza seems like a good way to celebrate the first step in changing my path.

We all must face the consequences of our actions, and I want my actions to finally start having beneficial consequences.  A part of me is scared that I will just fail the whole college thing again, but I know I more mature now, and can accomplish what I want out of life.  Fear is not an excuse to not try.  Thanks for reading!  I know my story isn't unique, but it is mine nonetheless.

edit:  I guess it would be useful to know I live right near Google HQ in San Fran Bay Area.