I wish I was making this story up, but unfortunately this has been real life for the last couple of weeks.  My boyfriend and I decided to move into this awesome house because he's going back to school and it makes his commute significantly shorter.  Our new landlord is awesome and told us, since the house is already empty, we could start moving our stuff a couple weeks early so that it makes our move easier, awesome right? So, last Monday comes along and I decide to give her a call.  She doesn't answer so I leave a message, no answer.  Tuesday comes and still no call back.  I have to go to Portland that weekend for a baby shower and my Aunt's birthday party, come back Sunday and still no call back.  She calls me this Monday and tells me cheerfully they've been at the beach all week. I pick up the keys later that day and I've been moving car loads of stuff between work.  We planned on moving today since the beginning of the month, so I scheduled this particular carpet cleaner that our current landlord says we have to use for Thursday (he's very popular in town so there's no way to reschedule). So then, last night as I'm cleaning our place and getting ready for the move, our current landlord rings our doorbell.  She tells me that they are "resealing" our road tomorrow and that the road will be completely closed to our driveway from 6AM-6PM.  I start to panic so she gives me the phone number of the guy who is in charge of this project.  I give him a call and he is a TOTAL jerk about it.  At first I was trying to be polite to him in an effort to have him help me out, but I soon realized he wasn't going to help me out (or even apologize for that matter).  Now we can't even start moving until 6PM tonight, which is sort of a nightmare because my brother and his wife are helping us move and I feel pretty guilty about making them move that late.  I've spent a lot of my time (and not to mention expenses) on this move and I am pretty stressed and frustrated.  If someone would send a pizza to our new place it would make me (and I'm sure my brother...he loves pizza) the happiest mover that has ever walked the planet!