So I had a phenomenal day on Friday, I have to tell you all about it. 

I went into work and was called into the office of the Manager who runs the whole establishment, mind you I've never even spoken to the man. He begins grilling me about some sensitive information I had leaked and wants to know how I found out. I have two choices, give him a name, or be fired.

What was the information? Well I asked the sous chef's mother how her daughter was doing after not getting the job. Apparently no one knew she hadn't gotten it yet somehow I did.

How did I find this information out? A random conversation with a co-worker about who the new chef is going to be.

Nothing fishy in the whole thing. I was going through my day-to-day work life without a care in the world and bam, I'm in my boss's, boss's, boss's office under the microscope being pushed for a name and I couldn't for the life of me remember who told me what seemed to be such trivial information. So just like that I got the hammer.

I somehow took the news alright. I mean, I was definitely plotting my revenge on "the man" and making plans to build my own corporation that would ravage their puny establishment until it begged to be put out of it's misery, but my head was up and my spirits were high.

I drove out of the parking lot and hit the job hunt immediately. Which lasted all of about 30 minutes when it ended abruptly and I found myself underneath a 2006 Dodge Charger. 

The driver, not wanting to waste the precious moments of their ever important life, decided to skip the traffic at a stop light by driving up the shoulder and wound up directly on top of me, totaling my bike.

So now we're at the present moment. I'm on my 5th day of leg elevated bed lock down, the bills are still coming in, and the hunger is rumbling. I heard about this subreddit and thought I'd give it a shot. Even if I there's no pizza to be had it was nice to tell the story. I hope you enjoyed it and thanks in advance for filling a crippled mans tummy! hahaha