Hey guys,

I've made my way in to uni at 8:30pm to work on assignments and get ahead in general. I came straight from a netball game to here, so haven't eaten a thing since lunch.

To explain the title, I am absolutely and completely broke in terms of both spirit and cash. The year started off with my girlfriend of 4 years breaking up with me and having to move out, which sunk me into a state of depression.

I was working full time, but had plans in place to go back to uni and leave my job. My annual leave payout was going to cover my credit card debts, and I was to rely on welfare + a part time job to cover rent, bills, petrol, etc. The annual leave payout was a lot less than I anticipated, as I was taxed a lot, meaning I could only pay off one credit card, and the rest paid my rent in advance for a couple of weeks to make sure there were no issues there. Centerlink have screwed me around, and have told me I may potentially be waiting six months before they start paying me. I've been looking, but struggling, to find part time work. I made $100 last week for fixing a family members computer, and I put in about 15 hours of work to earn that money, but haven't seen any more since. 

My car rego is now overdue, I have two months of unpaid phone bills that need to be paid, when I run out of petrol (I have about half a tank at the moment) I have no idea how I'm going to get to and from uni, and I have absolutely no idea where the money for my car payment and insurance is going to come from on Friday. Not to mention the required payments for my other two credit cards, which I'm now starting to get payment reminders for.

The reason I'm struggling with uni is that because of the depression, I'm also suffering from anxiety, and it has been a real struggle to get myself to uni. I've been stressing about where the money is going to come from to cover all my bills, and what I'm going to do when I need to start making rent payments again. Not to mention being out dealing with centerlink and desperately looking for work.

Please help a fellow redditor in need out and sort me out with a pizza to help me get through the night. When a source of income comes in, I am more than happy to return the favour. When I do have money, I try to regularly made it a habit to help people out. I'm also happy to fulfil requests, but bear in mind that I'm at uni.

Thanks in advance =)
