So I had an ex-roommate who owed me a portion of the deposit from our last place, and I stupidly gave him my bank info so he could wire the funds to me. Note: I used to have a wells fargo account so thats how we used to transfer funds easily for rent etc... but I moved and found it easier to use a schwab account since they refund atm fees and having a brokerage account all in one was nice for when I wanted to start trading. 

He took this and then basically managed to create an e-check to citi to pay for a credit bill. Why the fuck citi decided hey lets accept a check from a random person to cover another persons bill I will never know. Schwab didn't stop it in time so it took out a good chunk of my checking account before I noticed what had happened. After spending hours on the phone over this last week with the fraud dept, I was told that they would create a new checking account for me and transfer my remaining funds, but that my debit card would remain active.

Today I'm at a gas station trying to fill up when my card doesn't go through. I call and found out there is nothing they can do it to link my old card with my new account and that they have to send me a new card, which wont be here till monday. So I had to spend my last 10 dollars in cash to get enough gas just get home. (If you don't now how schwab works can't walk into a branch and just withdraw money, you have to use your debit card at an atm, thats why they refund the fees) Now to add to all of this when I was younger I messed up my credit pretty badly, and I have been working to fix it recently but its still not good enough to get a credit card without just getting raped on fees. So basically I have no acces to any money at all until my new checks or debit card arrives. 

Also being a single guy during finals I didn't really stock up the fridge that well, so I am standing infront of my fridge/pantry to see that I only have 5 eggs, 7 slices of bacon (the one thing that may keep me sane lol), a little oatmeal and lots of moldy veggies left. Now I could stretch what I have l easily for 2ish days, but that still leaves me short tonight and tomorrow. I normally am not the kind of person to ask for a handout but if anyone could help me during this perfect shitstorm that would be make my week. The second I have access to my accounts and money again I plan on passing it along. 

TL;DR: I got fucked by my ex-roomate. To "protect" me schwab locked all my accounts while telling me I would still be able to use them. So i've got no money till monday and am just short of food to make it till then.

edit: never done this so forgive me. forgot to add that im in the san diego area

edit2: RZF291 is a scholar and a gentlemen! Thank you so much again!