So I'm one of those people brought here by the recent media coverage.  I'm sorry if that makes me an outsider.  I've spent the last few days just reading through this site.  Both the pizza end of things and other areas.  I had no idea about reddit.  This Random Acts of Pizza is truly amazing to follow.  You laugh at the guy who's just bored and wants someone to send him a pizza, and you feel for the people that a pizza would be more than a pizza.  I've been hesitant to post because while I'm in a tough spot, it lacks in comparison to so many others.  I finally decided I'd just give it a try.  Worse case scenario, I don't get a pizza.  That's where I am anyway :)

I've been married for almost 10 years.  My wife and I have two beautiful children, a daughter 5, and a son 6.  When I met my wife, I was working crazy hours and didn't always have time for everything we wanted, but Friday night was always our date night.  It started purely by accident when she invited me over for pizza and a movie one night, and we've kept the tradition alive all these years.  We used to go out to the movies, and when that got too expensive, we enjoyed a movie at home.  When the kids got older, date night was expanded to family night.  Pizza and a movie for everyone.  We've gone through a lot of things in the last few years.  It's often felt like one step forward and two steps back.  We're still moving though.  Still fighting.  There came a point where pizza became a luxury, and it's something we've accepted and moved on.  I laugh when people talk about discretionary income.  We've learned to shave a lot of corners and given up a lot of things just to pay the bills.  

Anyway, I guess my request is this.  I would love to, just for one night, be able to surprise the family with our pizza tradition.  They deserve it, and I wish I could give it to them.

I'm sure above me and below me are probably posts of people that need it more than we do, and I say give it to them.  If someone knows what it's like to be in this place and wants to help out, it would be much appreciated.

I look forward to the day I can come on here and make someone's day.  No promises of when I'll be able to do that, but I can promise it will happen, and I will be spreading the word about this and hope that more people will offer help to those who need it.

Thanks for listening, and sorry for the long post.  