Before I start, allow me to say that I do realize that I am new here. I am not someone who is out to score a free meal, I am honestly looking for some help right now.

OK so here is my story. I apologize in advance for the giant wall-of-text.

A couple of months ago our ceiling caved in, due to excessive rain and the landlord's refusal to fix the leak. We had been telling him for months that it was not fixed and it was still leaking, but he didn't care.

So the night that the ceiling caved in, I called the landlord and I told him politely, "hey, your ceiling just fell in on us"

His exact words, were "I don't really give a damn, I don't care about anything since you said you don't owe me any money"

Now this is funny, because for years this landlord would come around EVERY YEAR at tax time, and insist we owed him some insane amount of money. We had just been agreeing in the past, because it was possible we might have missed some payments here or there.

But this time was different. He claimed we owed him 3,400 dollars for 8 months of rent that we supposedly never paid him. So I tell him, give me the dates that you think we didn't pay, and I will run them against my receipts and see what's going on.

Well, when I finally get the dates, I cross-reference them to my receipts. And it turned out that we had actually OVER-PAID the landlord by 750 dollars - plus we had all the paperwork to prove it.

So I try to explain the situation with the guy, and he refuses to listen. So he files an eviction.

We go to court with photographs of the ceiling caved in that he refused to fix, the stack of receipts, his dates that he claimed we never paid - EVERYTHING.

Well the judge's exact words were "I'm not too good with numbers, so we aren't going to get in to your stack of receipts"

The landlord also claimed that he never got the money orders, so I contacted Western Union, and I had them send me the front AND backs of them to show who they were made out to, and who signed and cashed them. Even after seeing these, he STILL claimed in front of the judge that he never got them - But they were clearly signed by him!!!

So the judge gave us 72 hours to get our shit and get out, when we were legally paid up for another 2 months........

So I had to spend 200 dollars on a storage unit, and we packed our entire lives into it. At this point, we are literally homeless. So I get a hotel room for myself, my fiancee, and our chocolate lab for the next week, just to have somewhere to sleep at night.

So that's another 200 dollars gone when we were actually paid up on the apartment and were wrongfully evicted.

After about 4 days in the hotel, we came in contact with the lady we are renting from now - she had a house available, this house - But it's 500 dollars/month for rent, plus utility costs...

Either way, we can't live out of a hotel at 200 dollars per week. So we agree and move in.

The house doesn't have a refrigerator, it doesn't have a washer/dryer. So we lived out of a cooler for the first month that we got here, until we were able to buy a cheap 75 dollar refrigerator.

This story just keeps going on &amp; on &amp; on.. I honestly couldn't type this whole thing out unless I wrote for a month.. This whole situation has just been insane.

Bottom line, I hate to ask for help. Especially like this.. 

But I do have photos of the entire process. From moving our things into storage to us living out of the hotel room, all the way up until we found this house, to today's rent payment.. I have the photos.. I have the receipts, I have everything...

So, the reason I am asking today is because we just spent our last 500 dollars that we had in the bank on the rent for the next month.

Neither of us gets paid for another 2 weeks.

If anyone can afford like 20 dollars or something so I could surprise her when she gets home from work with a pizza, some cheese sticks and a 2 liter of pepsi, that would be awesome. 

As far as proof goes, I can provide a scanned copy of the money order for the rent that I just sent out today, it was our last drop of money. (After we were evicted illegally, I now scan the front of the money order before sending them to prove who they were made out to if any disputes should ever come up.)

I would of course blank the recipient's name out, along with the address. But I would highlight the date it was purchased (today) so you can see that I'm not just making up some sob story. I couldn't make this shit up if I tried...

So anyway, again I apologize for the huge wall of text. If someone can help us, I deeply appreciate it and thank you in advance. If not, well at least I tried. It's better to try and fail, than not try and wonder what may have happened.

EDIT: To make it easier for people who are interested in possibly helping, I have blanked-out the money order and uploaded it. 

You can see it here: http://tinypic.com/r/25evg55/7

EDIT EDIT: ThumpingArnt helped me already, thank you so much.. I'm speechless right now.. 