I have bad luck. Not just any bad luck, but the kind of bad luck that comes from a) either trying to be a good person and help people out or b) the kind of stupidity that can only result from people taking advantage of you. 

About three months ago, we opened our house to a 19-year-old girl who, along with her mother, made a verbal agreement to pay 1/3rd of the bills in exchange for living in the smaller bedroom. She was very excited and "needed" to move out of her mother's house. 

Unfortunately, this girl and her mother conned us for all we had. Being unemployed undergraduate students, we didn't have any money put aside for "extras" in the first place, and this girl failed to pay half of her rent for April, all of her rent for June, and all of her rent (plus a late fee!) for July, even after setting up a "payment plan" with apartment management with the expectation of paying it. She has since moved out, but not after stealing all of our food, some of our possessions, and most of our dignity. 

Apartment management refuses to accept that this girl still has a legal obligation for her portion of the rent as she has NOT been signed off the lease, and consequently, I have been forced to pay her rent for the last three months. She owes me nearly 700 dollars, and though I have taken her to the DA for the bad check she's written me, there is a high possibility that I will not be able to afford fees for small claims court to claim anything other than the 250 dollar check she wrote me, with intentional fraud. 

She still has two keys to our apartment, so we barricade the door every night because we're afraid she will come back and steal more of our food or belongings. 

Every word this girl has told us is a lie and she has robbed our home of happiness, trust, and most of all, security. We were very nearly evicted last month because of her lies (she waited until the 22nd to "pay" her rent and when I'd gone in the next morning to make sure she had, she had not. I was stuck paying it or being evicted.) And now, because of having to pay her rent for the last three months, I may end up evicted within the next few weeks because I do not have enough money to make it. 

My parents have offered to help as much as they can, but frankly, I'm 22 years old and I feel like a loser for living off of my parents when I've been somewhat independent for the last year.

My history is about as bleak: I was homeless over Christmas the last few years, I lived with my sister after that while taking out nearly 10,000 dollars in student loans just for living expenses. The idea that I will be paying off these last three years of my life for the next 50 is sickening to me. I have not been able to go grocery shopping in the last three months; our food reserves are down to nothing because of our roommate's dishonesty and stealing, and we really have no food left. Recently, I was in a vehicle accident that left me with a large gash in my hand and a damaged tendon, and over 1,000 dollars in ER bills which I am unable to pay.

I have applied for assistance and food stamps, but have been denied because I am a student, and my current job which I just picked up at Hometown Buffet (seriously probably the worst job I've ever had) will not consistently give me 20 hours a week, despite having promised me 40 hour weeks when they hired me. This week, I have been awarded six hours of undeniable hell, and yet I have tried to be the best employee I can be because, well, I consider myself lucky I even have a job. 

In August, I may be able to receive food stamps due to being a federal work-study recipient, but that is only if I can find a work-study job, which is very limited. I do not know that my income will continue to support my rent or bills, let alone my boyfriend (who is STILL unemployed, I've come to learn that our town/state both have DOUBLE the unemployment rates of most other towns/states.) and because I am not yet 24, my parents are expected to contribute 10,000 dollars yearly to my education and I may not even be able to attend college because they simply cannot give me that kind of money. As it is, the help they are offering me at the moment is limited and I feel guilty that they even think they can manage to support themselves and me. 

The financial aid and government assistance system simply does not take people like me into account. I try hard, I love fiercely, and I am responsible. I am not getting married to cheat the financial aid system. I am not getting pregnant in order to receive welfare or food stamps or WIC. I am two years away from a Bachelor's degree in a field where I will probably have to relocate thousands of miles away from my hometown simply to find work. I get great grades, I never miss work or a class, and yet... I can't do it on my own. 

Just recently, I've learned that I have diabetes because I have not been able to afford nutritious food or been able to eat more than once a day, causing my insulin production to skyrocket. I spend a large portion of my days, when not working, asleep because high blood sugar levels and hunger cause me to feel incredibly weak. I don't have medical insurance to help me through this at the moment, because the Medi-cal budget is being cut and my paperwork is still in the processing stage following my accident last month. 

It is the first of July, and I know someone who is diabetic should not be asking for pizza, but dammit, I'm hungry and my boyfriend's birthday was two days ago, and I haven't been able to give him anything. I don't know what I can offer in prove aside from pictures of my puppy-dog stare, empty pantry, and medical bills, but really, I just want a freakin' pizza and the inevitable food-coma that will come afterwards. 

With vegetables on it. I've learned, as a child you never want to eat your vegetables, as an adult who cant afford food, you miss them more than anything. 

By the way: this website gives me so much hope, I could burst. I spent hours yesterday and today reading posts before I even signed up for a name and got the balls to make one myself. &lt;3 

EDIT: I am going to school for graphic design, I don't know much about reddit yet but if you want a graphic made for you to display, I'd be happy to do it in a repayment of faith and support for RAOP members. :) 