EDIT: I have been offered pizza for my family, THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!

I'm really not sure how to do this, I've been lurking for awhile and signed up last night and my email is verified.

My husband started a new job at the beginning of last month, they pretty much promised the "world" to get him in the door. This hasn't happened, instead it's brought us further to the bottom. We made a whole $500 last month and it's not better this month either. He's talking about getting a lawyer because, he hasn't been paid for everything he's done and paid way less than promised. No, we didn't get anything in writing and that is one piece of evidence we don't have for a lawyer.

I applied for foodstamps on the 23rd of last month. They said they would be expedited but, then said (today on the phone) that since we did have that money last month then they have until after the 20th of this month to finish my case. They said they are unsure of the info on the wage form from his employer. Well, I haven't seen it since they faxed it to eachother and my worker is out until Monday. I spoke to a supervisor and didn't really get any words in.

Anyways, our bills are not all paid so the $212 (Yes, that was his pay deposited in the bank!) today had to go towards the bills. My husband is a truck driver and I'm applying for financial aid to go back to college.

We are a family of 4 and would love to request pizza for tonight. Yes, I know that I am new. I cannot offer contribution of funds, gift cards or whatever but, I can offer things locally and posted an offer of a full garbage bag of clothing/shoes for a little girl in the assistance section. We are behind on our internet/phone so it will be shut off soon, that is why we still have internet access or else I'd have to use the library in town.

I'm unsure of how this works, please bare with me. We are rural, they don't deliver out here. There is a Pizza hut, Dominos and a Hunts brothers in a local country diner.

I want to make sure everyone knows that my kids will NOT starve tonight if they don't get pizza. We have a few odds and ends and I would never, ever let them starve. I'd find a way to get them food before letting that happen. I'll also be visiting the pantry for the 1st time on Tuesday.

I'm not sure what kind of proof I could give? His checks are direct deposited with no stubs mailed yet. Let me know what I need, I can try to figure out something to prove if requred.