Here is everything that I have been going through for the past month

i went back to the hospital because of suicadal and depression...(Ive already been once, and this time got diagnosed with bipolar)

gave me a shit tons of medicatinos, (I find out later that were all outdated,  and all had adverse side effects with each other)
missed 3 imporant auditions (I am an actor, missed 1 theater audition and two major film auditions, batman and Avengers)'

As soon as I get released from the hospital, I get a nagging throbbing pain in my side, turns out to be a kidney stone, start pissing blood that wont stop for three week

then drove up to CPH (Cleveland Playhouse) for a callback for their first downtown show (Really big deal in Cleveland) while dealing with a kidney stone
on my way there from Parents house, which is  a two hour drive
my car broke down
so every 20 miles i had to get out, fill it up with water in the heatwave
so i just got more dehydrated which is awful for kidney stones, and just made things incredibly difficult and uncomfortable.

get there to the audition all sweaty, delarious, and dehyrdated
fucked up that audition
drove home, same 20 mile bullshit
go home, get the worst pain of my entire life, THE WORST PAIN YOU CAN EVER IMAGINE. Google Kidney stone pain.

While I was in the hospital, I lost my job, (which later turns into cutting hours) because they don't think I am "reliable and stable", so due to this, I can't pay rent on a new place, and my lease is up August 1st, so I have to move back home. 
Work decides to give me hours, but only 20hrs a week, and from my parents house, its over an hour and 15 min away. 
then my 2cd week back at work, i got attacked again by kidney stones
got yelled at again from my boss because I "should have seen the stone coming and not went to work:
Go to the ER, and urologist and they tell me  i have to wait 19 days to get a CT scanto see whats wrong with my kidneys
Get  an email form my old landlord basically saying im not getting my deposit back.

And last night, TO TOP EVERYTHING OFF, someone broke into my truck.


I've passed 3 kidney stones, My kidneys are sore, Im pissing blood, I am broke, Im depressed, and lonely, and would love a pizza for the steeler game tonight. I live around Akron Ohio.

Thanks, sorry for the really long read.