This message is for everyone.  I hope you'll all take a moment to read it.

I just sat down to eat a bowl of noodles.  As I said my grace and waited for the food to cool down, I was overwhelmed by a million thoughts.  I just wanted to share them and maybe let someone know they're not alone.

Last week I "celebrated" one year of being unemployed.  Ironically it coincided with 6 months of being officially divorced, though the marriage was over long before that.  Today marks two weeks since I scrounged around the house to find every penny and spent them all to cover the bills.  For 2 weeks I've tried to get by without any money.  I've restricted my use of the car to only places I absolutely had to go.  I haven't been to the grocery store in God knows how long.  The first week wasn't awful.  I didn't have much in terms of food around the house, but it forced me to be creative.  This second week has been much less enjoyable.  Some cereal, some pasta, a little of this, and less of that.  You don't realize how long two weeks is until you find yourself counting down every day.  I am hoping to get some relief in terms of an unemployment check on Wednesday.  What I was told though is it could be delayed because I have to re-qualify after one year.  What a proud moment for me.  I've run into issues before, and it doesn't matter that it's not your fault, they usually can't get the money to you until the following Monday.  We'll see how that goes.  I've had Wednesday circled on the calendar in my head as this all magical day.  Realistically most of the money is already spoken for in upcoming bills, but I'll have a little bit of money for grocery shopping.  Right now, and I realize this is a gross combination, I'm craving a glass of milk, and a hamburger :)  

Anyway, the short story is that life sucks right now and I was kind of getting down.  Actually I was really in a bad place.  And as I said a blessing over the "meal", I realized that there are millions of people that would gladly step into my shoes.  That my life may seem rough right now, but that's more of a testament to how far I had risen, than to how far I've fallen.  

I just want to say thank you to all of you on here that are helping people.  It's an honorable calling.  And to all of you that truly need help, just know that it will get better.  I firmly believe that we will never be given more than we can handle, and we're never in it alone.  I know how sad and depressing life can be, but I also know how you don't have to look far to find someone who needs help more than ourselves.  

I guess I just wanted to say hang in there.  To everyone.  Keep fighting.  Don't give up.  If you're having a bad day, if you want to rant and rave or scream and cry, send me a message.  If you got that job interview you've been praying for, let me know.  I want to hear the bad.  I want to share in the good.  I have tried to weather the storm alone, and it doesn't work.  I don't need someone to carry me, but it sure is nice to have someone to lean on.

So as Tiny Tim say, "God bless us, everyone."
