I'm going to keep this as short, but still have it make sense, as possible.
I intended on moving to Pennsylvania from Nevada into my grandfathers house, was stated before I left that I'd already have a job at a local grocery store, and that everything was set for me to get there.

So I drive 2700 miles cross country in a car that shouldn't have made it, I spend practically all of my money in doing this.
I get there and everything is fine for about a day.
He decides that I cannot stay at the house when he's gone (I am almost 22), so two or three days after I get there, he has a funeral he has to be at, and me not comfortable going to a funeral of someone I didn't know, don't go. I drive around and drive by a little later and no ones there, so i get out of my car and say fuck it and lay in the front yard, get bored and leave again, 30 minutes later he's back and everythings fine.

The next morning he wakes me up at 10 asking me if I'm going to sleep all day, proceeds trying to get into an argument with me saying i tried to break into his house the day before while he's gone, accusing me of unlocking all his windows and says he knows I tried to break in because he has someone following me around taking pictures. Screaming at me that I'm a liar when I did nothing wrong, and he wants me to leave. So I gather all my shit up and call my uncle. He says I can stay in a run down trailer behind his friends house. 

I'm 2700 miles away from anything or anyone I know staying in a run down trailer, with no money because I spent $300 driving across country, no job because I was lied to, and looking at selling my car to get back home. My uncles broke and can't help me, the people I'm staying at frequently eat out. I have no cash, my cars out of gas, and it basically feels like no one gives a shit. I came trusting my grandfather was trying to help me, and all he did was displace me, break me, lie to me, and insult me. 

I'd just like something to get me through until I get the documents so I can scrap my car to a salvage company ( that I paid 1K for before I left) so I can get a bus ticket back to Nevada. Which should be monday or tuesday depending on how fast my mom gets to the DMV. And before you ask my mom is unemployed and unable to help.
I don't like asking people for help but I love helping others. This will definitely be paid forward as soon as I can.
I'm in the eastern PA area. 
Thanks for any help any one can give, it won't be forgotten and will definitely be paid forward.

TL;DR Moved out to PA from NV, was told I had a job, didn't, grandfather went all schizo on me, now I'm staying in a run down trailer behind my uncles friends house, waiting for the paper work for my car so I can scrap it and go back home.

http://imgur.com/Hah9o