I don't know if anyone will read this, or if there's anyone who will care. But, I've gotten to a point where I can't do anything but ask for help. My family and I are in dire need, and I just don't know what to do anymore. I've been homeless before, and had to do without, but I'm struggling at my last wits to hold on this time.


I just can't let my children go through that, and by the grace of God, a blessing will come. You see, I've spent my last just so my kids could eat something; no cash, no savings, no credit, nothing. I've applied for food stamps, but it will be nearly a week before we receive them. So, in the meantime, I don't know what we're going to do. I don't have a car or any transportation, for that matter, so I can't get to a food bank or pantry. Believe me, I've thought about it, but I'm literally stranded. We have no family out here.


My husband is out of work due to injury, and I've been out of work due to my health. We have been trying to make it by doing work for people online, like building websites, writing articles, building backlinks, and so on. It's been tough, however, because for every legit job we get, it seems someone else tries to get over on us. For the sake of our children, though, we push on.


I don't want to go into all the details publicly, but it's really hard for us these days. We're barely scraping by. We're just a day or two away from homelessness (you can PM for more info), and what's worse is that we can't get any help. We've tried, and been turned away. It's sad. When you need help, I mean really need it, you can't get it.


For the past couple of days, we've only had enough food for the kids to eat, so we've gone without. As long as they have what they need, we will be okay. They are what matters most to us, and so, we sacrifice for them. We don't get much sleep for worrying and trying to make enough money just to get by. Between the stress and worry, I'm surprised that we can even hold a thought.


I cry sometimes, a lot actually, and I wonder, if our efforts are in vain. It seems like everything is working against us, no matter how hard we push forward, we just can't stay ahead. It's wearing me down, that's for sure, but I know that our breakthrough is coming. Somehow, and someway, we are going to make it.


It's just so tiring to try, and try, and try, and not get anywhere. And what I've told you here is not the half of it. If anyone can help, I will give you the info (verification) that you need of our situation.


I'm just hoping, that at least tonight, someone can help us out. Pizza isn't much, but it's something. And I'll be thankful for it. It will help us to get through another tough night, just a little easier.




---family of 7 from Irving, Texas (just after 8PM)


(had to repost to include -request- in the title, just following the rules)