[Request] Out of Saint Louis Missouri. (Specifically The Soulard Area)

So here is my story, Hopefully it will warrant delicious pizza..

For the past 5 months i have been an addict in recovery.
At one point i realized i no longer wanted to keep living the way i was living.. Talked to my family and got help. I was addicted to Amphetamines and was starting to develop a bad heroin habit. I spend 42 days in rehab.. Came out with a new lease on life, and spent the next 3 - 4 months in a sober living facility. Just trying to remember how to live and enjoy life sober.. I got the best job i have ever had (Contracting for charter) and after a month i was promoted to be the south Saint Louis Market contractor. (Basically i managed all southern saint Louis contractors)
Things were going great, With my new job i rented out a new apartment Set myself up a home office, and genuinely enjoyed day to day activities. Then one day, When i was heading back from a Narcotics Anonymous meeting, I got pulled over in Illinois (15 minutes from my apartment in Saint Louis) The Police Officer Informed me that i had an outstanding warrant in O-Fallon Missouri for Possession of a controlled substance. You see, I knew that this warrant was a possibility, But i had assumed they would let me know when they decided to issue the warrant! 6 months prior (Before Rehab) i had been arrested for Possesion and they had let me go, With no ticket, Not even a court date. Since that was my first serious charge ever i had assumed they would at least let me know if i had a warrant.
Well. Long story short(er) I ended up spending 5 days in a holding cell in collinsville Illinois, 2 Days in Madison County, and 1 day in St Charles County. MY mother had got me a lawyer so that i could bond out (they didn't want to let me post 10% so without a lawyer my bond would have been 20,000) and ended up spending 5k just so i can hopefully keep my job.

She had hoped that by getting a lawyer and since this was my first offence, ever, We would be able to preserve my job. Well, No luck. I lost my job because of my 1 week absence and the fact that i had obtained a felony. Since i was a contractor i cannot collect unemployment.

So here i am. 1 month later. With barely Any food in my fridge, A carton of cigarettes, and an internet connection that will be shut off any day now. I have until the 30th of august before i get evicted, and am currently considering moving back into a half-way house.
BUT i am STILL SOBER! Which i am proud of, Months ago i would have been wasted the second anything went wrong.
So i come to you, knights of pizza, humbly asking to Make my evening tonight. I would LOVE to eat something other than macaroni and cheese.

I can prove any of it! i can provide pictures of: Graduation certificates, An empty fridge, a hungry dog, anything you can think of..
Thanks in advance.

TLDR; Living Life Like a boss, then old warrant came up, Lost everything because of bad decisions in the past.. pizza will help morale.