EDIT:  I live in Cleveland, Ohio

So, here's my story. I've been browsing reddit for quite awhile, not posting much, but constantly upvoting cool or funny stories. TIL that there's a subreddit for people to pay forward pizza. So, here we are. For the past two paychecks, I've been dead broke, paying bills. I still have to pay 300$ to my ex, 200$ to my credit card, 100$ this month for bills, and then yesterday i got four tickets, two in my moms name, and two in my aunts, for stuff I couldn't take care of at the beginning of the month. Grass, because I had no mower, and trash because people keep running over my trash cans. So I have no idea what im going to do about those yet. I'll probably have to end up paying them. As if that wasn't bad enough, it's my turn to cook for myself, and my two friends who are living with me trying to help me keep the place clean. For the past week they've been cooking delicious meals filled with juicy chicken and scrumptious ground beef. So... I would feel kind of bad just making ramen for them. So, two pizzas would go a long way. Fortunately, on this upcoming check, I have 5 hours of overtime pay, so I would be more than happy to push back the creditcard bill for a little while to return the favor. The deed doesn't need to be done for another 4-10 hours, I just figured that I would post it now so it could get some time to be noticed. Thanks in advance.

TL;DR. Got 99 problems, but paying back a nice favor ain't one. Or Have ridiculous bills to pay, city is fucking me over with four tickets for two offenses that I corrected weeks ago, and it's my turn to provide food, but all I have left to cook is ramen, and a dollar bill. Getting 5 hours overtime on payday, and can easily return the favor.


That text was copy pasta'd from r/randomactsofpizza, seeing as how I didn't know this was the real one.  More info:  One of my roommates figured out that I posted this, and he's fine with cooking until I get paid, but I would still like to give them a break on cooking for a day, or possibly two if I happen to get 2 pizzas.  Plus, I would really like to pay it forward.  So, it's RAOP's call.  :]  Pizza would be nice, but I suppose not 100% needed.  Once again, thanks in advance.