New to Reddit, guys on 4Chan sent me this way so hopefully I strike a cord with someone. To sum it all up, here's the general overview of my life since April of this year.

 I used to work for a major cell phone carrier answering calls from the general public. I liked my 9 dollars an hour, then they fired me, for taking 3 days off in a row because I couldn't get to work (I couldn't miracle up a car to drive while mine was getting fixed). Seems unlikely right? Well this is Sprint we're talking about, the same people who offer to take $25 off your bill when you call to complain about their wonderful service. They don't bother to tell you it extends your contract by a year and removes your upgrade eligibility, and if you ask odds are they'll lie about it. Speaking from experience, 90% of my coworkers in my department didn't know that. So as you can tell nothings beneath them. If you have any questions about Sprint I'll happily clear them up, there's a way around almost anything lol.

I've tried my best to be self supportive up until now. I cut a few yards every month, sold all my worldly possessions, I even defaulted on my car payments with just 4 to go. You know, the usual stuff. I also tried the unusual, for a week I was selling male enhancement pills from home in my spare time. Then the company went under lol. Just as well, they were nothing but banana peel powder and saccharin anyway. Oh and crab shells or some crap like that, I dunno, I didn't keep the bottle they gave me.

My family's been real supportive through all this, my uncle even changed his phone number without telling me. Ironically I hadn't even asked for anything from them, they saw my post on twitter and deserted me on the spot. I'm the only one in the family who owns his own home, and the only one who hasn't begged the grandparents for anything. After all, I've always managed on my own, so my uncle probably figures I can do it again. Of coarse when his mule faced wife wanted a tummy tuck and a boob job done last year, they asked me to keep her in my prayers. Fair weather family is like that, thank goodness I'm the youngest. I take solace in that I'll be alive and dragging my butt on their graves long after they're dead. Might even take a wizz, gotta water the grass ya know?

Since I got fired I don't get unemployment, and I'm a natural born tax paying citizen living near a major metropolitan city, so there isn't any government programs I qualify for either. Work prospects are bleak at best, especially since now I'm without wheels. I tried doing the day labor gigs they have down at the local employment office, line was already a hundred people long when I got their, 3 hours early x.x Tried finding religion to see if the divine spirit would help with any of my problems, then I found out God gives you hardships to make you stronger. Sure enough my gas stove died later that week, so as these and countless other things continue to stack up I find myself getting stronger and stronger. You can't tell because of this fat exterior but man, underneath all that I'm built like a brick house.

So that's some of it, if I got into all of it we'd be here all day. I just want a couple bucks worth of pizza or maybe a couple of those sandwiches Dominos makes, that'd greatly improve my mood here in the short term. Tomorrow and Thursday I'll be glued to the phone hoping that for the first time since April I'll get offered a job. If nothing else wish me luck on that. Also if anyone's interested in buying whatever curse I've been afflicted with I'm selling it on the cheap =)