So here is my family's story: girl meets boy, they fall in love, get married, have teh cutest baby in the world! Somewhere along that path girl starts working for scumbag corporation. When it comes time for maternity leave as the lil' redditor is close to being born, scumbag corporation says 'don't worry, all of your benefits will continue, you'll get paid leave, have fun with teh baby cuddles.' 

Well, we really wish it had worked out like that :( I took a full 12 week leave, as available to me thanks to FMLA. 7 Weeks were paid thanks to short term disability, but my company made me wait 3 weeks to get that money, which sucked. My insurance and all of my benefits got cancelled while I was on leave, even though I was assured they'd continue. When I got back to work two weeks ago I fought tooth and nail to get them back, but my benefits department is making me pay out of pocket for the premiums from the time I was on leave and the benefits got cancelled. That adds up to $200 a week... multiplied by 12! They are automatically deducting the payments from my paychecks for the next 4 weeks, after already doing so for my last two checks. They are leaving me with so little in my checks that we've had to dig deeply into our savings just to start paying our bills, and unfortunately we've had to give up grocery shopping until my premiums are caught up and scumbag corporation takes them back over. 

Luckily our adorable son gets all he needs from me, so my husband and I are just living off of what's in our pantry, and that has been box after box of pasta. We'd kill for something with flavor at this point, and a pizza sounds like heaven. As soon as we get caught up financially, which according to my strict budget won't be until late November, I plan on doing the same for another redditor in need! 

tl,dr; My company is basically making me pay for my maternity leave after the fact, to the sum of $2400. We can't afford groceries because of this right now and would just love one night where we can have the luxury of a pizza. Thanks!