Hi Everyone!

First time requester here and thanks for reading. I'd like to request a pizza for my partner of 7 years. I think it'd be a really nice surprise for him and he loves Reddit as much as I do, so it'd give him one heck of a smile. If you're interested, I want to provide some history so you know where I'm coming from and why I'd like to see that smile. I'll try to provide enough context without being too verbose :)

About 3 years ago I lost my job in marketing. I was the breadwinner in the relationship and he worked for fun, really. I set out to find another job at the start of the recession and it didn't go so well.

After about a year of being unemployed, living off savings and looking for another job that would pay enough for me to pay my bills (a big concern that stopped me from taking a lot of jobs due to pay requirements... we all have to service our debt obligations!)  I realized I hated what I was doing. I was 25 then... 2 years ago. 

It's strange and hard to describe, I think, unless you've gone through something similar. I worked hard, ever since I was 13 and had a paper route that earned me a couple hundred a month. When I was 16 I got a job at Best Buy and that's when my 'career' in sales took off. I sold on the Best Buy floor for about a year, then went to CompUSA where I worked as a commissioned sales guy. My first commission job and I was only 17. I made really good money and continued to progress through retail and then into retail marketing. 

By the time I was entering college I was making more than most people who had been out of college for years, and that number went up every year. That kind of money blinded me to the fact that I wasn't enjoying what I was doing... I was enjoying making and spending money. So much so that I burned through it faster than I made it. It was really the only thing I had fun doing, though. I dropped out of college (probably a good thing, since I was going for a degree I wouldn't want now).

I met my partner through Myspace at about the time I had gotten my first management position and was traveling 90% of the time. The first couple years were great. I was gone so much it was like a long honeymoon. Sometimes he'd come with me; Vegas, NYC, Seattle... etc. 

For his part he worked off and on. It was never a big deal... I made a lot more money than him. He'd always worked odd retail jobs, hourly stuff, customer service stuff. Never made over $10 an hour or held a job for more than half a year. I didn't care because I'd rather spend my time with him when I was home than have him working and making a couple extra bucks.

So, back to three years ago when I lost my job. After about a year of coming up dry, I fell into a pretty bad depression. I couldn't find work that would pay my bills, and realized that I didn't even like doing that work. It affected our relationship dramatically. I retreated into World of Warcraft and stopped talking to family. Eventually the money ran out and bills stopped getting paid. 

I hit bottom after a long, dark period... but thankfully for me bottom was a nice soft pillow of people that loved me. My parents stepped in to help get me through some tough financials and my partner stepped up to support me mentally and financially. 

Fast forward to today. My partner is now happily employed (1 year anniversary this month) with a company that is providing him with a promising career opportunity that he loves doing. We've downsized our lives; no car, eating cheap, staying in, cooking and we've moved into a studio apartment. My partner is working we're saving so I can go to school and do something that I do love; be a vet. He even got me a chocolate Labrador puppy in February. We named him Fizban and he's a constant source of joy for me. The person I was 3 years ago would not recognize the person I am today.

I try to do nice things for him whenever possible to lessen the stress of being the sole earner in the house. That's what this request is about. We're not starving, but we live tight. This would not only be a delicious treat for us, but once my partner found out that it came from a generous person on Reddit he will be amazed.

One day I promise to pay it forward. Here's a picture of my dog, Fizban and my partner:  http://imgur.com/SoygY