Hey RAoP

This is a throwaway account but I'd be happy to PM you from my real account as verification. I've given before and never received.

First up I'd like to say that pizza is NOT necessary and we won't starve without it. Not even a bit. We've got some leftovers in the freezer and a bunch of odds and ends in the cupboards and even a bunch of friends who'd take us out to dinner or have us over if we asked (but we'd feel bad asking because we're old enough to be meant to be beyond this!). So, absolutely no worries if no-one can give. 

I'm asking because a bunch of unexpected grown up expenses just ambushed us. My boyfriend's grandfather died unexpectedly and we wanted to go to the funeral - but it was 5 hours away and we didn't have a car. So we bought a cheap car and made it to the funeral, but it turns out that car ownership is super expensive. Rego is nearly $1000! Add insurance, NRMA membership (needed cos we weren't sure whether our little bomb of a car would make the drive and we didnt want to be stranded in the australian outback forever), random fees for vehicle inspections and more random fees just for existing add up to be the value of the car again! What. The. Hell. (yes, I *have* lived a sheltered life, thank you for asking.)

Add that to the billion and one other things we're saving up for/need to pay (rent, bills, house deposit, wedding, honeymoon maybe, helping our families) and it's come as a bit of a shock to our financial system :P
We literally have $0.67 in the bank and a bit of change in cash until pay day. This is an odd and disconcerting feeling. 

What would pizza mean to us? Laughter and joy. The pleasure of knowing that there are good people who care about strangers. A memory to carry with us both when things are hard and when things are good and we can give again. A small easing of financial stress for the next few days. 

I might also pull the request later because like I said - it's most definitely not a do or die type situation. And anyway, my credit card's taken such a pounding this week, what harm is pizza going to do? :P

But thanks for reading anyway, RAoP!

Also, please and thank you ;)