I'm not new to Reddit and I'm not from Jacksonville either. Sorry but I'm requesting incognito because I don't want anyone I know to find out about what's happening right now. There's a really messed up situation and I haven't even told my dad about this yet, so I don't want my friends or cousins finding out yet either because they can't keep their mouths shut.

I got a surprise yesterday when a guy I've never even met greets me in the hallway of my apartment building and tells me he wants me to leave my girlfriend of 2 years. My girlfriend then confronts us both and gives me the shock of my life, she's been cheating on me with this guy, and she's pregnant, but she's 90% certain neither of us is the father! She was cheating on me with this guy, and cheating on him with someone else. I've never raised a hand to a girl and never will, I was raised better than that, but I've never been more tempted in my life to haul back and deck someone!

After a two hour conversation with this dude I find out she hasn't been working for a whole year. He's been paying our electric and water since we moved into the apartment! She goes over to his house almost daily when she left me to head to work. Some days she leaves and neither of us could account for where she was. My girlfriend of 2 years is a lady of the night and has been milking 3 guys, me included and maybe more than just us, for everything we've got for years!

I'm at my bros house and he's been very tolerant of all this, real step up kind of guy to take me in because I've been living with this tramp for over a year now, I got no place else to go right now. I need something to eat because neither of us has any money and he's living off noodles right now. I'll happily pay it forward on the 8th when I get paid. But for today, I need something better than noodles or black beans and rice, and I think he would appreciate it too.

Sorry again for being a bit deceptive with my post. If I wasn't starving I wouldn't be spreading it around for that matter either. If anyone can help you have my gratitude. 

8:30 AM. Taking a trip out and about, will be back in a few hours to check the thread.

Edit: 5.15 PM-- The generous contribution of another redditor who chooses to remain anonymous (like a boss) has secured dinner for me on this fine evening. I thank the dozens of folks who offered encouragement in thread and through PM as well as the others who flamed and trolled me so diligently. Ripping into you was an awesome way to blow off some steam, so you helped out a lot too. Thanks again to everyone, here's to a brighter future.