I can't believe I never found Reddit before today, I've been wasting my life on 4chan -_- Things are a lot more awesome here.

So I heard you can request pizza here, well I just bought $200 worth of groceries yesterday so I'm good. I wanna repay a favor to a friend I've known for a very short time, but he's done a lot for me in that time.

I lost my job a while back and started posting up my stuff for sale online. He's been a godsend to me, he's bought stuff from me on multiple occasions and helped me eat when I wouldn't have been able to otherwise. He lives an hour away and he travels down here to buy from me and even takes me to the grocery store so I don't have to waste money on a cab! I've known the guy less than 2 months and he's already been more awesome than anyone else has been to me in probably my whole life.

He's been sweating some bills due this week, but even though he was strapped he helped me out big time earlier this week. I had to notarize my I-9 for my new job and get my driver's license renewed. He spent 5 hours on Tuesday not only taking me to the DMV and the notary, but he did it with money out of his own pocket. I tried to pay him back yesterday but he wouldn't let me, he said he did it out of friendship. The mans struggling to pay his bills this week and he helped make sure I could get back on my feet at long last, now that's a friend.

He's got 2 kids under the age of 7 he's in his late fifties no less, so the man is definitely a warrior in my mind. I won't start getting paid for a few more weeks, but he's had it rough the past few days and still put me before himself. I wanna thank him but I had to buy three weeks worth of food yesterday in one sitting, plus pay for the cab ride, so I'm  fresh out of dough. It never even crossed my mind to send him a pizza until I wandered on here. He can't very well turn down dinner when it arrives at his door free of charge, so that's what I wanna do.

Anyone think they can spot me a gift card so I can send him some dinner tonight or tomorrow? He's been awesome to me these past few months, he even overpaid me for some of the things he bought because he knew I needed the money. This would be a small drop in the bucket but I wanna pay him back for some of his kindness at least. I don't mind coming back in three weeks and returning the favor, I'm gonna be set making 14 an hour at this job, but he could use this right now, I know he could. So pretty please, will someone help me make this man's day?

I don't have many friends, and finding a best friend at such a low point really saved my life. I can't ever repay him for all of it, just some of it, and this is how I wanna start.