EDIT! Thanks to jetboyterp! He provided us with some nice grub for the night. It amazes me to no end to see the kindness still left in some people, and pushes me forward to keep providing that same kindness to others whenever I am able. I'll follow up with some pictures of some pizza!

Hello fellow Redditors. I'm probably gonna rant and make a bigger deal of this than I should, and I'll try to keep it short and simple. But let me mention, I am NOT one to ask for assistance. But there comes times when we must swallow our pride.

I have a small family of three, just my daughter, my wife, and myself. I'm a mechanic by trade, and make an acceptable amount of money...normally. The last month has been very rough, with work being slow and hours being cut. We are in an apartment that costs us $325/wk, and that is killing us. We've had to cut off both phones, and recently our car took a turn for the worst and left us without transportation.

I've been able to keep food in the house, up until the last week or so. Mostly thanks to foodstamps, but those funds have run out. This last week I've had to pay back some small debts to my boss and father, and it's really hurt.

Also, our stove at this apartment doesn't work, so we've had to basically resort to microwave, cold prep foods, and a single burner hotplate. My cupboards and fridge are empty, short of some month old ice cream and leftovers that we've been too lazy to throw away. My family is hungry, but just for the day.

So here is my request, which I will counter with an offer. In exchange for a pizza, I will buy 2 other people in need a pizza in the near future. This is my way of setting aside the guilt of asking, and expanding the assistance of RAOP. I can provide any and all proof and verification needed. And whatever happens, I'd still like to thank RAOP for all their awesomeness.

NOTE: Come Monday, I can get my paycheck advanced to me. Yesterday we just barely slid by, and all will be well from Moday on. I've got a second job that I start Tuesday at. It's just rather...depressing(maybe even desperate) feeling to be hungry, have an empty wallet, and feel like there is nothing I can do. Thanks again Reddit. :)

EDIT: I'm so sorry, I completely forgot to put my location, and I kept saying it in my head. :P Anyways, I'm in South Florida, right by Ft. Lauderdale.

