Our rabbit, Bugs got sick.  He lost 30% of his body weight and as a result his temperature also dropped a whopping 8 degrees F below normal.


We spent somewhere over $100 on his initial vet bill, Critical Care (this oatmeal like grain food to have him gain weight), hot pack, hot water bottle, space heater, and an extra amount of his favorite veggies.  I also work 2 hours away (seasonal position, I basically just get work whenever I tell my boss I'll be in town) and had to cancel my shifts for tomorrow and Sunday.  My boyfriend has missed work to care for him, and I've missed school so I'm also way behind.



He needs 24 hour care so we're taking turns sleeping and watching him, and both of us are never out of the house at the same time.  He's eating more, we're keeping his temperature consistent, but he's not gaining any weight.  His mate died a few months ago, so we think that's why he stopped eating.  This is taking every bit of our energy.



If he doesn't start gaining weight soon, he'll need blood tests, stool sample tests, and a couple others along with an increased dose of Critical Care, an antibiotic, and a probiotic.  The estimate from the vet was just over $400, so we're cutting corners everywhere we can.  Keep in mind, that money doesn't count for the extra veggies from the grocery store (our rabbits always get fresh veggies, but since Bugs is now refusing timothy hay, which is supposed to take up a large majority of his diet) we're having to buy, which is going to add up over the next few weeks, possibly longer if he continues to ignore his hay.




So, if you've made it this far, I'm just asking for a pizza, or pasta, or something from Pizza Hut, Dominoes, or Black Jack (those are the closest places to us).  If you have a random gift card for *any* restaurant in the Tucson area, we'll be grateful for that too/instead.  Anything to keep us from Ramen would be so appreciated.




**TL;DR** Our rabbit is incredibly sick, and we've already spent just approximately $131 on his special care, not including the extra veggies.  This was our grocery budget until the next paycheck comes in, and we've both had to miss work to stay and care for him since he needs literally 24/7 monitoring.  The vet gave us an estimate of $400 for extra tests he could need if his condition doesn't improve.  After we run out of the food in the house, we're going to be on ramen for at least 2 weeks, possibly a month or longer until he gets better.  Pizza wold be wonderful.