Long time occasional lurker, first time poster here. I am 21, a recent college graduate, who managed to land a game programming job prior to graduating (and by luck my job actually pays well), however this month when trying to get ahead in tuition loan payments and spending a bit to try to get into basic electronics engineering as a hobby I managed to somehow end up in quite the situation. Due to a compounding of unexpected expenses, netflix pulling money out of the wrong (and empty) account, a rather large (at least for me) loan payment, and well simply an outright failure to budget this month... I managed to become absolutely broke aside from the bare minimum I need to get to work once this week (I work from home mostly as well). 

For the past week I've been limited to the scarce quanitity of frozen meals that I bought about two weeks prior, however three weeks ago for what ever reason I acquired a large amount of soda. I ran out of food two days ago and my only intake since then has been soda. At first I was like, "No big deal, I get paid in a few days", but that has turned into "MAYBE IF I USE THESE NAIL CLIPPERS I CAN CARVE A HOLE IN THIS 360 CONTROLLER TO LIVE IN THIS SODA CAN COLLECTION" mental instability.

Long story short, I have no karma, no food, but get paid in about 3-6 days (my job is slowly moving to direct deposit but hasn't set me up yet...) and I would really like a pizza. In exchange, I'd be more than willing to pay you back as soon as I get paid, or do some small task of some reasonable sort.

I prefer Dominos, a medium pizza and a "build your own breadbowl pasta" (usually a coupon deal online) can last me almost two days, but really I'll take whatever I can get as I'm not exactly in a position to choose.

Heres a link to my outdated blog for some loose type of verification? (I also have one of those verification system code things as well).
http://www.forecourse.com

Also, what I've been 'eating' the last two-three days:
http://a5.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/392812_1674416038329_1775307151_885951_630529237_n.jpg