**EDIT** I am situated here in Atlanta, Georgia. Sorry for not posting the state in the title guys.

If this sub is anything like the rest of Reddit I might get a little sympathy for being a total idiot my entire life. To make a long story short I was born in Salt Lake so I was branded LDS from conception. My 21st birthday party was a trip to temple to hear president Hinckley (our "Prophet" at the time) speak about family. Even then I thought that was a lousy birthday. Up until yesterday I held priesthood in the church and was a key toting, card carrying member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.

That is no longer the case, I got up in the middle of sacrament on Sunday, and, after a less than friendly chat with our Bishop yesterday, I am officially done with religion. I've been on the ropes for years but the cowpies just got stacked one too high lately. So I've had enough. If God exists he certainly doesn't look well upon the LDS followings. You know how much garbage I caught for buying a cup of coffee on Sunday? Way too much. For one thing caffeine is a no no but another lesser known of my former beliefs is we're not supposed to do anything business related on the Sabbath day. No dining out, no work, no grocery shopping, etc. And the fact that I bought something turned almost the whole congregation on me. That was some good coffee too.

So basically I've spent 28 years trying hard to believe in something, spent 2 years in Japan trying to make other people believe it with me, and now I'm pretty much alone because of my refusal to believe in the most ridiculous things our church kept pushing on me. I got 2 friends who aren't LDS, the others won't stick with me after renouncing their religion so I'm in the market for new friends to boot lol.

If you have any questions about the spooky and mysterious world of Mormonism ask away. And if you could spare some dinner for a guy who's tax check hasn't arrived yet you'd have my blessing and gratitude. And no, not a religious kind of blessing. More like a walk tall and drink lots of water kinda blessing lol. Hope you're all having a nice day and thanks for reading.