Hey reddit, longtime redditor here.. lurked for a few years then signed up about a year ago. Been going through some rough times lately. My mother passed exactly a year ago this week (February 13th, 2011), due to colon cancer at the young age of 55, sadly I cannot make it to her grave today to tell her how much I miss her, but I'm not much for hanging around dead bodies anyway, the soul has moved on and I'm almost positive she's someplace nicer. Me and my father haven't been getting along either, he is an alcoholic, anger-ridden man.. Ana and I couldn't afford our last apartment so we tried moving in with him, to help him with bills and whatnot, and he constantly berated me. I'm not sure why he is the way he is, but I think it has something to do with his mother. When I was 12 I was a lot heavier than the other kids and she would tell me about it, in the meanest possible ways. So I'm pretty sure that's where he gets it from. Suffice it to say, living with him without my kind and compassionate mom to stop him from getting so angry was nothing short of terrible. Ana kept telling me how badly we needed to save up and get out of there, we were there for a week and then it got really bad when he found we took 2 plates of food up to our room. He started screaming and calling me names like always, telling us that we're no longer welcome, telling us to pack our bags and basically to live on the street... then I decided to be clever (sarcasm) and call him a "dick"  since he found it okay to call me every terrible name in the book, BAD move. I don't know how he heard me from the hallway, but he did. He slammed the door open, knocking over Ana's desktop computer, knocking over the desk it was set up on, and also knocking her over into our bed. He grabbed me by the throat and threw me up against the wall and started choking me out, much to Ana's dismay, she was crying and screaming at him the whole time, telling him to stop and let me go, trying to pull him off of me. Afterwards he offered us a ride to the shelter because we had her computer and all of our clothes.. we declined the offer. This was her idea. Then she gave me the best advice I have ever gotten concerning my father. Leave. Leave and never look back. He is not safe to be around. He is not a good person. So to say we've hit quite a rough patch is somewhat of an understatement. I'm not sure if this was all TMI but I really just feel a whole lot better getting it off of my chest. Ana is my hero, she really is, she is beautiful and she makes me feel like I'm actually worth caring about. If you've read this far, thank you so much.

But alas! Some good news! We both just landed new jobs yesterday. We both got hired as sales people at Sears... I know not much, but for around here it's pretty much the best we can find. I'm an IT guy, actually I'm more of a helpdesk-break/fix-troubleshooter sort of guy but I also have worked IT jobs. We do what we can to be happy and this area doesn't have many jobs so we're trying our best. We don't have a car (in a town where the buses don't even run on sunday or after 5pm any day, no joke- [www.lctabus.com/](www.lctabus.com/)) and we spent every last penny on rent. In fact, we still haven't paid our security deposit, luckily the landlord is a good lady and is understanding of our situation. So clearly there is no money for pizza. Which is upsetting, since pizza just so happens to be our favorite food, hands down. If someone can be help, we'll be sure to share it with our little puppy Horatio, who is the most adorable dog in the world,  he just turned 3 on valentines day! Here's a picture of me and him: ([Horatio and Bill](http://i.imgur.com/ohDJi.jpg)) , and for good measure here is a picture of my girlfriend/his mommy: ([Ana](http://i.imgur.com/qHmZL.jpg)) . Anyway... we will be sure to take pictures and post them, as long as they come out nice and she doesn't hate the way she looks in them. Either way we will be sure to make some sort of post thanking you. She's actually at orientation right now and I've got online training to do. Thank god we still have the internet! We're so damn lucky that one of our neighbors has unprotected wi-fi, otherwise we wouldn't get our daily Reddit fix. Sorry for the life story, just thought you should know the people who are requesting. We love you all.

.

PS: When we finally get our feet on the ground we will most definitely pay it forward. Today you, tomorrow me.
