I was evicted from my home this past monday.. I spent all last week desperately searching for a place to live..  Since I'm disabled, and still waiting for my benefits to start, I knew I could never afford a place for myself.. So I did what most people in my situation would do.. I had faith that between my family and all my friends..  SomeONE.. (I thought there would be many)  would find it in their heart to take me in, even if for just a short time..  After waiting a few days, I realized that no one was going to come to my aid.. So I decided to start asking those who I KNEW would do anything for me.. Or so I thought.. Immediate family turned me away without even a 2nd thought.. Since they were the only ones in my family that had room for me, I had to move on to my good friends.. My best friend lives 4 hours away so that just wasn't an option.. My other best friend AND neighbor would definitely take me in.. I just knew she would!!  She has an empty guest bedroom and everything.. So I asked if she could help me out and let me stay in the guest room for no longer than a month.. Without even pretending to think about it.. She said "I don't have any room for you".. That was it.. I had exhausted all my options.. One day before my eviction I started to plan the best way to be homeless.. I decided to live in my van.... Scary doesn't come close to how I felt, but my fear was deep.... Ring Ring! It's Curtis.. A friend I met thru my best friend.. I knew him and considered him a friend but we didn't know each other very well.. Without hesitation he said that he heard about my situation and wanted to offer me a place on his couch..  I burst into tears.. I was relieved.. But mostly, I was so touched to receive such extreme generosity from someone who is also struggling just as hard as I am!  So here we are at his 1 bedroom apartment.. Trying to figure out how we are going to afford something to eat TONIGHT.. Let alone tomorrow.. But It's 6:52pm and neither of us have eaten today.. I want Curtis to have this pizza cause he deserves it!  Thanks for reading! :)