Edit: I'm sorry, I forgot to say I live in Minnesota, USA.

Hey everyone, I'd really enjoy a full stomach tonight, my future is looking extremely down, but I have the next four days to enjoy, I'll share my story, it's a little lengthy, but you certainly deserve to know why I'm asking for a meal tonight.

The sparknotes version is that my Dad passed away when I was young, too young to really remember anything about him other then he loved Star Trek. After that, my Mom remarried a man, who was very abusive. We lived on for about a year and then my Mom passed away. Both of my parents had cancer, I don't know if I do or not, I'm not 100% sure on how the genetics work with something like that.

Anyways, I lived with him for about two years until I moved in with a family from a church. They were in their mid 50's, not at all a good age to raise a 12 year old apparently. They were beyond abrasive to me and just wasn't a good fit, but I had no choice. After about three years I moved up north with a family for about four months when they decided they were too young and busy for me. They were in their late twenties and they had just had two kids, again, not a good fit. I was kicked out on a moments notice had my aunt pick me up and drive me back to the cities. My aunt then proceeded to drop me off at her apartment and tell me that no one in my family is willing to take me in. I waited on the curb with all of my stuff, calling friends, until one of their families wanted to take me in. I lived with them for about two years until they decided they needed to move to Iowa, they offered to take me with, but I declined because a friend in school wanted me to graduate with him. I lived there until I graduated.

About a week after I graduated, they had a death in the family and needed to use my room for company. I could certainly understand, so I moved into a place where a guy owns a house and just rents out rooms, found on craigslist. Being seventeen, I didn't have much of an option because most apartment buildings wouldn't allow me to move in being underage.

I started working at a game store that I loved right near by where I lived, it was a place where I would put in like 40-60 hours a week, sometimes paid for overtime, most of the time not. I loved that store, but a year after I started, the store had to close down due to investor issues. I had about a week's notice and the closing day was the day before Christmas Eve. I was unemployed for a few months until I started working at another game store, but they lasted about four months after I started working there. 

Currently, I'm working at a Car Wash while trying to get into something with gaming. I'm not aiming to make it though, I'm in debt to my landlords and I don't make nearly enough money to pay it back currently. I was a bright student, but I've had no opportunity to go to college or anything, I don't have the safety net of a family.

My phone is going to be turned off any minute, I owe Redbox money for a rental that I can't repay (Another stupidly long story), and I owe my landlord $525.00 on Sunday, and I currently have about $4 to my name. I have no where to turn for help, I'm just trying to enjoy the days I have left.

If someone would be willing to make tonight a great night by buying me a meal, I'd be forever grateful. 

Thanks for reading, any words of encouragement would be appreciated too.