So, Here is the story, it starts on Thursday 22nd February 2012. I have had a hectic month and have all but run out of money, by the time i realised i wasn't getting paid till the 1st i had maybe 3 or 4 pounds left in my account. Now i am already a student...a student who pays his own rent, and even with the maintainance loan and overdraft find myself on the poor end of the stick a lot. Now i as i am sure you are, am a lover of a good pizza. 


But with only 4 pounds i resigned myself to having to wait till the 1st. So for one week i lived on the 11p noodles at tescos, 3 meals a day of 11p noodles, With the promise of a pizza on the 1st though, my mind was battling through. 28th of Feb and low and behold it is a leap year this year....ok i say, that's fine, one more day, few more noodles i can deal,  I've come this far already. 


The first hits, and the thought of my pizza is incredible, my mouth is watering at the idea as i get out of bed. And the first thing i do is go to check my balance and pay my rent....Oh what's that? yes. My bank details were stolen? Virus on my computer? Now not only is the idea of my pizza gone, but the fear of being unable to pay my rent is gripping me tightly, i call the bank immiediately, and have my accounts frozen and my cards cancelled. it's evening seeing as i have a bad sleeping pattern and probably only woke up at around 5pm. i cannot make it to a bank today to check my balance, and with no cards, i definately cannot buy a pizza :( But tomorrow i tell myself. Tomorrow.


i head in the next day and check my balance the money is there, Phew, i take out enough money for my rent and be on my way. Oh no you cry, where is the money for my pizza. Well i forgot about that. and manage to fall asleep at about 5am that night waking up for bank closing on saturday. Great. Tomorrow is sunday. No pizza then either, And if my card doesn't arrive tomorrow i may have to wait even longer for my pizza. So i call out to you. To all you Pizza samaritans. Help me. In my hour of need, I call upon you reddit.