Dear reddit:

I am a long time follower but have only recently just registered. A long story short is I am fucked!!! I am a 30 year old male from St.Catharines, Ontario (Neil Peart, Linda Evangelista, Paul Bernardo, Karla Homolka, Dave Thomas (SCTV), Alexisonfire, The Trews, etc, etc) who was evicted as of today and my place to live just fell through! I have no where to live so as soon as the sheriff shows up I'm homeless and though I have $40 on me I  want to save it incase I need a ghetto hotel room for me and my girl.

A little back story here, as I feel it's needed to shed some light as how I got to this point; when I moved into this place I was working steady overtime in sales but got laid off soon after I moved here. Not to worry I quickly found full time work, working midnight shift for a company called CCSI which had a contract to clean the New Food Classics plant here in St.Catharines. I have worked since I was 16 and am now 30 so no work was driving me nuts so I took first job I could get.

The job itself wasn't bad but the amount of corners they cut was very noticable. My very first day of work they told me the safety video was broken so I would have to do the training in a few days... I didn't get training until after I called Ministry Of Labor (Ontario) which was after I was already injured, but I I'll speak about this later.
 
I did the work no problem and was quickly promoted within 2 weeks, though that was partly due to the high turnover there as most people hated the job and quit.

While working there I requested training weekly with my manager to which he would reply some excuse about the dvd still being broken or doing it next week. Not wanting to be a bitch I kept working despite my concerns.

Fast forward a few weeks and we have an inspection from CFIA (Canadian Food Inspection Agency)so everything has to be tip top. One of the duties when CFIA comes apparently was the ceilings of the plant had to be squeegeed dry as to not have any condensation from the cleaning drip into the frozen foods that were being made there (ie; burgers, ribetts).

While I was squeegeeing the cook room while my co-workers were out smoking, not working, I spent 2 and a half hrs doing it myself with a squeegee on the end of a 20 ft pole. Afterwards I couldn't move my neck without severe pain and later after my shift I couldn't sit in a chair without severe pain. I tried to sleep as it was the end of a midnight shift but my muscles would spasm to the point I couldn't sleep. I then called TeleHealth and they advised I go to a walk in clinic.

There I was diagnosed with a sprain of the left and right traps and lats, I think, traps for sure though.and sent for 3 months of physio due to the severity of the sprain. I did the entire 3 months but still no relief but the entire time my pysiotherapist is telling me there is something more there,

A month later Im at a hospital with insane back pain after vaccuming which I hadnt done since injury and I get x-rays. Doctor at hospital I need to see family doctor and have MRI.

See family doctor a month later, do some tests and he sends me for MRI. MRI results come back a month and half later. 2 herniated discs, spinal stenosis and degenerative bone disease caused by injury at work. Prognosis: No bending, No lifting, No twisting... FOR LIFE!

July 4th I see a neurologist for an EMG to determine whether I have back surgery but I have already been told they can't fix my back it will only be if it can improve my quality of life.

Oh and because WSIB says my back should be healed because its only a back sprain that takes 3 months to heal, I am all better, I have no income, no food, am being evicted as of today (June 25th) for back rent 3 months ($3300) but on the bright side I do have a lawyer but it's taking forever and welfare is not enough!!

Can reddit help with a pizza for what may be my last night indoors for a while? 

I can prove anything I just dont have a scanner so I would have to take a photo with cell and upload it.

  