Hey guys.  This is my first request.  I live in Pittsburgh and my boyfriend's visiting for a week.  I haven't seen him since the beginning of May so I'm pretty excited, but here's the situation.

My boyfriend doesn't have a job (I do, but I get paid by the month and my first paycheck isn't coming until June 30th).  The only reason he can visit me now is because his brother is taking summer classes so that's half of the traveling cost paid.  He also sprained his ankle on Saturday meaning he's still in crutches.  Lastly (and I realize this one's mostly my fault), my mother really wants us to go with her to Lake Erie for a day and a half.  

[Following paragraph contains a lot of venting about crazy Polish mothers]

Now you may be wondering "What's wrong with the last part" in which I will refer you to the crutches.  Yes, I've explained to her about the crutches, that he can't and shouldn't walk very much and that he is not going to be comfortable on this trip.  I've even suggested other alternatives, like going to a free movie in the park.  The thing is, my mother is crazy and you can't argue with crazy.  Also, I'm going to have to tell my BF that apparently, he has to go because if he doesn't, I'm going to be the one getting bitched at about how my boyfriend doesn't care about me and how he's lazy.  I know I should just shake it off and deal with it but honestly, I can't change my situation RIGHT NOW so I'd prefer dealing with this as painlessly as possible.  Of course, my boyfriend seemed pretty pissed about it when I told him my mom suggested this idea so, thanks mom, you're probably going to be the cause of our first fight.

Anyway, it's gonna be a terrible few days for him and I'd like to make sure he has a tasty meal after a long trip and to say "I'm sorry that my mom's crazy and I can't do anything about it."  His house is in Oakland so I'd suggest Sorento (4126219129 cheap and decent quality) or Antoons (4126875446 cheaper but more meh pizza) since they are local and cheap.

Also, since I'm getting my first paycheck in June 30th, I'll make sure to donate a pizza.  
