I know I am in no way original or the most deserving of a pizza, but basically, here's my story:
I met a girl awhile ago. We'll refer to her as an 80's metal musician. Let's say, Dave Mustaine. Dave and I started talking over a social media site, but for vagueness, we'll say headnovel. We met in real life shortly after, and became the best of friends very fast. About 3 months into hanging out, my ex-girlfriend called me while we were hanging out at my cabin, and I got upset because the ex was saying terrible things. To rectify this, Dave thought she should kiss me, and she did. Things went from best friends to Relationship pretty fast. But Dave had a boyfriend she never saw. Literally, NEVER. He asked her out, and from then on, it was a textual relationship. Eventually, I told her she needed to decide between the two of us, but she said she didn't want to hurt him. So I cut it off. Fast forward a few months ago, she came back into my life with a different boyfriend, one she actually saw. I wanted to hang out with her again because she saw eye to eye with me on more things than last time, which was a lot. She frequents reddit and other such sites, we laugh at memes and dumb things, hate everyone that is ignorant, we appreciate good music, and are very emotional. This time, reddit, she took my virginity while she was emotionally with her new boyfriend. I didn't regret it at first. I do now. Dave was made to choose between us once more, and she chose her boyfriend yet again. But for some dumb reason, I still talked to her up until about 24 hours ago. I wanted to fix it, to wait for this girl that I thought was the girl of my dreams. I still want to fix it. But she just hurts me. All day, I've tried to act normal, like hang out with friends and such, and I just feel removed from it. I just want some comfort food and to listen to punk music and be the stereotypical heartbroken teenage boy.
TL;DR girl of my dreams breaks my heart and virginity and I would like some comfort food right now.

I'll pay it forward however you ask, if I can.

Location:
Message for details.
Thanks.
