So I'm financially a little shaky right now, as I don't start my new job until September and I just graduated. Anyway I was cycling around today and I was just setting off from the center of the city where I live when I spotted a Specialized bicycle with a flat tyre. Thinking of being the good samaritan, I decided to wait around and give this friend in need some much required assistance.  
  
Shortly along comes his girlfriend, who sees me pushing on the tire (to check the pressure). She isn't aggressive or suchlike but she does go and get her boyfriend, who upon realisation of my motive is thankful for the assist. This is where it gets interesting - turns out this guy's "friend" had asked him for drug money, and when he had declined, the "friend" had slashed his tire with a knife - in fact, quite a large one. This friend was also sat across the street, well within viewing distance.

Naturally, I'm suddenly feeling a little less confident about this whole thing. Nonetheless, I grab my pump and toolkit saddlebag, and start whipping out the gear. We get the tire off just as another of this dude's "friends" comes over, and starts to be generally unhelpful and stand around in the way... whatever, I can still deal. His girlfriend also comes over, and they begin chatting about general shit. One topic that keeps coming up is how the gentleman I am in the midst of assisting is "still on tag" - which means they have been convicted of some kind of crime in the UK. Normally a tag also involves a curfew, and they are often handed out for violent crime. Nice. Turns out his mate is also "on tag". Nothing quite like roadside repair while surrounded by individuals with a penchant for violence should things not go their way.

By this point, we have patched the tube in two places and all seems well. On goes the tire, with the help of my handy tyre lever - or so we thought. The guy with the violent past is obviously not too much in control of his strength, as he snaps my tyre lever in half. Lovely. Just to top it all off, the guy's tire is still flat. Turns out two 1cm holes opposite each other on the tube just won't patch properly. Who'da thunk it? So anyway, "thanks anyway"s are exchanged, and I begin the ride home - only to find that while leaving the site of my ad-hoc repairwork, I have a nice chunk of glass lodged in my own tire, and my tube is deflating with a deeply unwelcome hiss.

Defeated, I begin the long walk (push) to the nearest bike shop. Rather than treating myself to the takeaway I had been previously planning to devour, I find myself rather forlornly spending the money on a new tyre lever so that I can repair my own bicycle and actually make it home. Upon arrival I find myself faced with half a can of beans or something unidentifiable and frozen. While my need may not be so great as that of other Redditors, I hope at least that my story has been enjoyable. Thanks for reading to the end!

EDIT: TL;DR, I helped out a criminal repair what was probably a stolen bicycle while surrounded by sketchy people and subsequently had to spend my dinner money on a replacement tool he broke so that I could fix my own ride.