Hey there, I am going hungry and would really appreciate a pizza from anyone willing. I'll give a little story about what has led me to be extremely poor (£9 to last until the end of August).

I went to university this year, and moved out of my parent's home to forge a new life in Peckham, which is when everything started going horribly wrong. I hated my course, the people on my course seemingly went out of their way to make me feel uncomfortable (I'm quite shy, and very insecure).

For years now, I've been fighting my demons, keeping them just below the surface - I've always felt like I was just about floating, reading to sink at any moment. Around Christmas, I did just that - sank like a stone. I fell into a major depressive episode that last months, culminating in what I can only describe as a mental breakdown over Easter. I became dependent on weed, never leaving my room or spending time sober other than to go to work on Sundays, and then I'd come home and get high again. Obviously, I dropped out of university.

This, obviously, was a massive waste of money. It also didn't help that I'd lent one of my now ex-housemates £100 to help him pay his rent, which I know now that I will never see again (we live and learn). I have a £970 overdraft that is all gone, and although I've at least paid my rent for this month, I won't be getting paid until the end of August. I also have to pay a week worth of council tax (only £30 but too much for me) for the week before I enrolled, or I'll have a court date, and £40 of library fees tomorrow, but luckily my mum is bailing me out for that (she already bailed me out of last month's rent, so I already owe her £500).

I've had to start working full time, eat butter sandwiches at work because it is all I can afford, and improvise for dinner (or just not eat). I'm extremely skinny anyway, and cannot afford this weight loss.

I spend four hours commuting a day (I work in West London), come home, eat, sleep, get up at 6am to go to work again...I feel very lonely at the moment, and a cheesy, greasy pizza with meat or something would go a long way to providing me with a little comfort at the moment.

Sorry for spilling this all out, I only meant to give a short sum out, but have ended up providing you with an essay! I'm not known for being concise...

But yes, a pizza would be so very appreciated, and if the offerer wanted, I can return the pizza favour once I get paid. I would just like some meat and cheese in my life right now haha. Thanks for listening &lt;3