Well where do I start? Two years ago the love of my life dumped me because for 6 months before that I had become a drinking machine. It wasn't just when I was depressed. I would drink when I was happy, sad, hungry, tired, stressed. I would even go to work and school drunk. It became a major problem when I got alcohol poisoning. To keep her from leaving I agreed to quit drinking completely and start going to meetings. Suprisingly, it worked and I was on the fast track to living a much better (happier) booze free lifestyle. In the past month my girlfriend and I have argued constantly. Thursday night she confessed she had been cheating on me for about three months with my bestfriend, who had also helped me stop drinking. My gf left after that, she came home three hours later reaking of vodka and she had vomit in her hair, in her inebriation she told me how her and my bestfriend had been sneaking around partying together and "one thing just lead to another" and they had fallen inlove. This had come to me as a shock because not even 2 months ago she had agreed to help me take care of my brother when I got custody of him. Yesterday she left me she said she'd be back for her things. I tried to go about my day the way I would any other day, I went to my AA meeting got my 24 months sober token. I went to work and got through the day as best I could crying in the bathroom on my lunch break. After work I went to the bank to withdrawl money to pay my bills, only to find out she took all my money out of my bank account 20 minutes after my check was direct deposited. I didn't know what else to do. I wont be able to pay my bills or buy food. I don't know how I am going to feed the kids, or if we'll even have a place to live. My bills are adding up quickly and we have no food. My landlord is very strict and will not bend on my rent because we've only lived here for 90 day. I am but sure what to do. School starts next week and I can't get supplies or outfits. I used my last bit of gas to go to a food pantry only to find out that I make too much money for assistance and I can't get a payday loan because I got one two weeks ago to help fix my now exs car. I hope someone here can help me or direct me somewhere I can get help. Thank you for reading. 