So I posted this on my facebook today:

"Hi, I'd really love a pizza and a handful of sedatives. First chick to furnish both wins a date with me and a pillow covered in drool."

A friend responded with this link.
Nothing special about my story, but here goes.
A bit over a year ago, I bombed out of college. Hard. After that, I was unable to find a job, even in the pizza industry, where I have 3.5 years experience, 1.5 of those in management. Throughout the year I have been bouncing around between cities, going back to Eugene and Corvallis for a time, and eventually went to Texas because I wanted to meet a girl I'd been talking to online for a year and a half or so and was quite enamoured with. That journey was a complete disaster, and months after I wound up back in Portland, I still think about it everyday. I still can't find a job... I interviewed at Voodoo Donuts the day before yesterday, and by now I would have heard back if I'd gotten the job. I feel like I kicked ass at the interview, but most 'cool' jobs in Portland are always won by scrubby hipsters and overly-tatted indie/rocker chicks. I'm an electronic musician, an artist, and writer, and slowly over the last year I've been watching a lot of the stuff I use to do my work break or disappear. My speakers broke, so I can't properly make music, I ditched 80$ worth of art supplies while I was trying to hitchhike to Texas, as it was weighing me down. My laptop's hard drive fried out but I was lucky enough to trade a much smaller one for some computer repair work. I've been couch-surfing various places this whole time, right now I am staying at a nice rasta lady's house with her schizophrenic ex-boyfriend and his mother, who has alzheimers. I'm lucky in that I get to stay in a room that is half-filled with their storage stuff yet has a bed in it. But I can't remember the last time I had a good pizza. Nevertheless, there are certainly people worse off than myself and if I had stumbled upon this sub-reddit on my own, I would've though that it was awesome, but would likely not be requesting pizza on it. However, since it was suggested to me, I figure I might as well give it a go.

What can I offer you? Well, I can send you a bunch of mp3s of my music, mail you some drawings, or perhaps help with some editing work if you have any writing you need someone to look over, whether for school or for personal writing. I live in the St. Johns neighbourhood of North Portland. Hope I got everything I need here, lemme know any questions or otherwise. Thanks reddit.