So here's my story of why I'm here and why I'm so hungry.

7 Weeks ago my dad said his friend was moving in because she needed a place to stay. She arrived the next day and moved into the downstairs guest bedroom with her baby daughter. Four days later her 12 year old daughter moved in upstairs next to me. My dad never cooks and this is fine because I'll cook for myself and enjoy cooking. But I've noticed the food disappearing more and more, when I asked my father to go shopping he did about 2 weeks later and to my surprise 2 more people moved in. Friends of my dads from Tennessee. They were only here for a week but when they left there was no food again. When I asked my dad if I could go shopping with him he said he didn't have the money to feed all these people and asked the women with the 2 daughters to find a place. It feels like it's been forever and they are still here. There's almost nothing I can make to eat besides ramen and corn. The only thing she buys is junk food but not even anything you would want to eat as a snack. Ice creme, ice creme cake, microwave dinners which I can't eat because it's for her "diet", and baby food.

What I've been doing is just going out and eating but I quit my last job and began to work with my father. It was hard work and good pay but we live in Florida and it's rain so much the past few days we haven't been able to work and he hasn't giving me a paycheck. Like I said there is corn, ramen, and ice creme I CAN eat. I really rather not but if you are generous enough to give someone a pizza, try and find someone in more need than I am. If you can't and decide to help me out I will LOVE YOU!

Thanks for reading and I'll answer any questions.

TL;DR: Guest who've been staying at my house eat everything and leave me nothing. Haven't left after being asked to. I'm terrible at writing.

::EDIT::
NVM! My mother invited me over to dinner and to pick me up as well. (parents are divorced)
A concerned friend also invited me out to dinner and asked if I needed cat food. I have four cats but I assured the friend they are fine and they truly are. I have 2 full bags of cat food. :)
Thanks to anyone who read and I'm delighted that I will eat tonight!!!