So, about a 2 months ago, I found a job. It took me three months of searching, and this one was part time and only paid about $650 a month- barely enough to get rent and food out of the way. The rest of my expenses have been coming out of my dwindling savings account for a while now.

I also got a stress fracture in my foot about a year ago. I was in and out of a walking boot for about 5 months altogether, and my doctor and I thought it was healed. I could walk 2-3 miles at a time and not encounter any pain and I thought I was in the clear.

And then I got this job, which required standing in one place for 8 hrs at a time. I did fine at the beginning, but then the pain started coming back. I guess my foot just couldn't take it. I got an ultrasound on it two days ago. Turns out the fracture has broken again, and I now also have arthritis in the surrounding area. I'm back in a walking boot. The one I have this time had to be a loaner from the doctor's office because insurance wouldn't pay for a new one. This one goes up to my knee and is a size too big, and it's hard to get around in it.

(I've also figured out that I can't really get worker's comp for it because it was a gradual injury, and in Virginia you're required to have a specific accident happen. It's also unlikely to happen because it happened previously not in the context of work.) 

My boss got really snippy with me when I quit, and I just had to sit there crying for a while after I hung up the phone.

So, I'd love some pizza. I could make it last for a few days, and that'd be 3-4 meals that I wouldn't have to stand up to make. It'd be really helpful. As soon as I get a job where I'm not struggling to get rent, utilities, and food out of the way, I will definitely return the favor to someone else who needs it.

Sorry for the longwinded-ness, I'm just really not having a good time right now. :(

TL;DR: Broken foot causes me to lose shitty job that barely paid my expenses anyway. Would love pizza. Would also love to give pizza when I can afford it.