Hello, 
30 year old from TX panhandle area
So anyway, i'm struggling! I live in a rural community with hardly any jobs or places to work, and i work online the best i can on surveys and writing articles etc.  I am a remote PC technician and have lots of experience with IT/tech field, but no clients in this area.   I haven't ate for almost 3 days and haven't smoked cigarettes either, because i can't afford them, and actually feel a little better, I just have periods where I want to HULK SMASH everything in my apartment!  I do however have 7mg patches that i acquired from the VA administration.  Yes i'm a veteran, but do you really think just because you signed a contract with the federal government they are going to take care of you for the rest of your life? No.  People that deserve disability have to fight for years to get more percentage of benefits and it's hard.  I am on hud but there is no income.  I offer my services for pizza or paypal  I can Remote in to your desktop or laptop PC only, SCREW APPLE!! and optimize and speed up your system.  No files will be viewed including photos and documents.  You can sit in front of the computer and end the connection at any time.  Will update and make sure you have proper protection and use the latest greatest software downloaded and installed right in front of your eyes.   I Can NOT remote in without a unique identifier and cannot do it again without authorization from you.  Services like this from major corporations can cost up to $200 dollars just for the same thing i offer and will accept pizza or donations.  ]
     Today i mowed a large area with someone i know to try and get money, yet that small amount of money is being saved so i can pay my late fees and rent that is accruing which is $100.  Since i haven't ate in a while i got very dizzy and lightheaded and heat exhaustion,  I am recovering from the heat, but hunger has set in.  If i violated anything i'm sorry, this is my first time on here i was referred by an online friend. Thank You for reading and your time!!!

