This is actually the long story short believe it or not, please excuse my terrible grammar its very late, and humans do not have an effective way of communicating how terrible a time my father and I are going through.

I was forced to move in with my father and his second wife, (then my stepmom) I had to withdraw from my college classes mid semester and quit my job. After living with my father who is schizophrenic bi-polar it became clear that he was extremely depressed by his living situation. He was being used by his wife for money, my father is the kind of person that when you ask something of him it is hard/next to impossible for him to say no. My father was paying rent, utilities, and iphones for 5 members of my stepmother's family. This literally used up 100% of my fathers money monthly. He would stay at home and do nothing but surf and web and read books, all the while my stepmother would use her disability money to buy shit we could not afford and routinely overspend and cause us to have overdraft fees that my father had no way to pay for, I've covered for her mistakes countless times, whenever she overspends she sells something of the family's to cover for her mistakes, the last thing she sold was the family kayak which was bought before they were married, all the while she still would use checks that were in her name to buy fancy furniture, and useless junk. To make matters worse, the stepmother has a son who SMOKES coke and w/e else he can get his hands on. This waste of life step brother of mine decided to get his GF pregnant who then popped out twins (they are religious and don't believe in abortion) The drug addict stepbrother is now a father of two kids when he cannot even support himself, he and his GF have been on welfare since the babies were born and neither have gotten a job or even tried to get their GEDs (yes they dropped out of high school) Now the stepmother spends most of her money on supporting the two kids and her fuck up son, she gives him cash to buy pot, cigs (which they smoke in a closed garage with the kids) I witnessed my stepbrother use his food stamps to buy only ice cream instead of getting real food for his kids and himself. At one point my father confided in me that he had considered suicide, this eneraged me and I decided I would do anything in my power to show my father that this leach of a stepmother cared nothing for him and was using him (he was in love with her and was in denial) I ended up getting evidence that my stepmother had pawned my father digital camera when she said that he had probably lost it. My father confronted her about it and she stood fast in her lie, my father then saw the light that this women was indeed using him and cared nothing for her. (in their 4 years of marriage they only had sex once and on their anniversary my father got her flowers, a card and wanted to take her to dinner but, she ended up going to see her fuck up son's kids instead.) The evidence of her using him continued to rise and rise for a few months until my father decided that he was going to tell her that he wanted a divorce. She ended up ripping out our internet and storming off to her mother's while texting my dad that she wanted the divorce too and that we were not to damage any of her property (oh the irony) or that she would make the divorce as hard as possible and take as much as she could. This was about a week ago and we have begun packing our stuff and preparing to move out, she has no intention of helping pay for the cancellation fees for the phones/net/tv ect. Together we have gotten enough money to pay for one more month so that we have time to move out and into my father's parent's house. Current between the two of us we have about 10$ until our next paychecks and have been eating at my father's parents. I have had to witness my father cry and think of ways to comfort him, he knows that this bitch doesn't really care for him and it is for the best that he gets the divorce but its all really overwhelming even for me, I can't imagine what it is like for a person with a disability such as his. I don't even know what to provide for proof but here is a hate email that my stepmother sent my father after he told her he wanted a divorce, its actually comic at some parts and really shows her true colors, some context though, I clean up after myself not my stepbrother and his two kids.

***YOU chose to allow your son to attack me and NEVER SAID HE WAS TO STOP!!!! A true husband protects his wife from everyone. Instead you sat there only saying I was to calm down. He is a spoiled brat because you never had him in your life. Where was he all those years until HE was going to be on the street. He disrespected your ex who you claim to care so much about. He has anger issues ANGER ISSUES. TEARING DOWN A DOOR God, what would he do to ME, someone he hates, if I didn't stand up to his lies. I fully intend to prove your precious camera, which, btw was purchased in your manic fit. We had all your fancy cameras as well as a perfectly good digital. Now, you make IT and that little devil separate us. I believe in Jesus Christ and AS FOR ME AND MY HOUSE, I WILL SERVE THE LORD. He believes in the internet..... PERIOD. I stopped feeling safe in my home when he attacked me the first time. He climbs on your lap makes me sick that you cannot see his making fun of you when he shakes your belly. He is a sick puppy. Everyone who has seen the ghostly boy says he is way strange the way he stays in his room all the time.

I told you the sex was what I got hurt doing. I never spoke up as to why, but when you dropped the dream of the surgery I knew you wanted to be diabetic and heavy all your life. I lost respect for you because even your family was encouraging you. For all I know anyway, maybe they weren't and you hid it from me. All I know is you don't ever want to go do anything and I am a very active person when I am having a good day from absence of pain. At least I see people when I go shopping and I recycle instead of buying expensive items we cannot pay for.

I have tried hard to keep a nice home for you and you have to be reminded to CLEAN CAT LITTER AND FEED. I can't do it all without feeling USED!

I raised my kids to help out...what happened to your Ryan, he is above lifting a finger. Does he even know how to clean his own (mostly his) bathroom. Cleaners are right on shelf and I have pretty towels that makes it nice and he chooses to disrespect and not use his towels instead. What disrespect.

I am not a happy person now or before I left there.

I hope you are happy that you allow your baby boy to separate us. YOU DID THIS.

My son WILL BE HELPING ME MOVE SO MAKE RYAN GO TO HIS MIKEY'S HOUSE WHEN WE ARE MOVING. My Son is angry for what unhappiness his Mother is under because of little boy Satan. Dustin told me two months ago that Ryan is pushing us to divorce. Pretty smart boy who adores his Mom. Dustin and Roy protect Me like you will not. ***

I have no idea if anyone will even read all this as it is 2 am and I did a horrible job of explaining our situation but if anyone would like clarification you can add me on skype rcroslin@live.com
